Protect: Prepare changelog for 1.0.1 (#24996)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/protect/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 1.0.1 - 2022-07-07
### Added

> - Added new two FAQ entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added two new FAQ entries
```

- Protect: record even just after the site is registered

### Changed
- Moved normalization of the Protect status report data to the server side.
- Renaming master to trunk.

> - Renaming `master` references to `trunk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renamed`master` references to `trunk`
```
Can probably keep this line and remove the previous `renaming master to trunk`

- Reorder JS imports for `import/order` eslint rule.

### Fixed

> - Fixed bug that would not display Core vulnerabilities, remove legacy code and documentation and add new docs on the debug helper plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug that would not display Core vulnerabilities.
- Removes legacy code and documentation and adds new docs for the debug helper plugin.
```
